gh-97848: argparse: Disallow misbehaving actions for positional arguments (#98367)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-10-17-20-20-18.gh-issue-97848.RnkhKZ.rst

> Disallowed 'store_true', 'store_false', and 'store_const' actions for positional arguments in argparse module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disallow ``store_true``, ``store_false``, and ``store_const`` actions for positional arguments in :mod:`argparse` module.
```
